I've been interested in programming ever since I first played with a Commodore 64 in third grade. I knew there was a way to get the computer to do what you wanted to do and it didn't take me long to learn just enough BASIC to enable me to fill every screen at the Department Store computer display with whatever I wanted it to say. Usually, it was just "Hi!" or some variation on that, since i didn't know that "Hello World" was a thing.
    
Fortunately, my parents were supportive and I actually enjoyed a summer class or two learning to program, but this was with the Apple IIe. And thus I learned which I used the hell out of, both at school and on the knock-off Apple IIc my dad bought: log in screens, rudimentary choose your own adventure games, ascii graphics, real graphics, snake games, pretty much anything I could imagine. I was even working on programming my own word processor and starting to get into assembly language when *Dun dun DUNNN* puberty hit...
   
This was before coding was cool (it is cool now isn't it?) and since I wanted a girlfriend more than I wanted to program, I left off my first love of computers and went with my second love of girls. This was around when Windows was coming in to it's own and PCs were taking over as the computer of choice at schools, so by the time I was dumped my freshman year of college, the world of computers had changed a lot.
    
After that, I dabbled in C++, HTML (the internet was brand spanking new,) Java, and Visual Basic, but nothing serious: I had a family to support. But I kept on thinking "It would be great to get back into computer programming for reals, but I guess that boat passed back in the late 80's when I chose girls over GUI." I stayed up on computers and was my families go to tech support guy, but nothing really serious in the coding side. When I went back to school in 2013, I considered a CS degree, but ultimately decided against it cause in my mind, coding was "A young man's game."
    
Fast forward to the summer of 2015. I saw a Lifehacker article about and decided to try it out. Here I am over a year later. I've refreshed my memory of HTML. I've learned CSS and JavaScript, and I know how to use jQuery and Bootstrap. I wouldn't call myself a "Git Master" just yet, but I cam use it and google what I don't know, so I essentially have the basics dow.
    
I've done some playing with Node, Express, and Angular 1 and I've recently started working with Ruby on Rails (In fact, this site is built on Rails.) And I am constantly adding new bits of knowledge to my toolbox.
   
So now, via a long and circuitous route, I'm finally looking to get into coding professionally, so that I will be getting paid to do something I'd do for free. Take a look at my portfolio, it's mostly projects done for Free Code Camp with a couple things I've done on my own. As I complete things, I'll be adding more to it.